implemented different types of pagination (#2110)
holochain/holochain-rust: doc/holochain_101/src/links/get_links.md

`Timeout` : The timeout variable on the options specifies how long the query process should wait befor a response before it timesout
`LinksStatusRequest` : This is a variable in which you can specify 3 modes, `All`,`Live`,`Delete`. This allows you to query the links based on crud_status in which `All` will return everything will `Live` will only return live links and `Delete` as such.
`Headers`: boolean value which if set to true indicates that the link headers should also be returned.```

> `Pagination`: The pagination type has two variaants which are `Size` and `Time` These variants allow the user to paginate based on size parameters or time based parameters with size pagination and time pagination respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Pagination`: The pagination type has two variants which are `Size` and `Time` These variants allow the user to paginate based on choosing pages and specifying page size, or by specifying a point time and specifying a limit of the number of entries (based on the timestamp in the entry header) to return from that point.
```
